<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="forgotpassword">
    <title>ForgotPassword</title>
    <shortdesc>This task defines the way to reset password, in case of the user forgetting their
        password.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_nlr_jhw_11c">The user must have the active email Id or phone number that
            was provided while creating their account, incase they forgot their password.</prereq>
        <context>
            <p></p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click on the <i>forgot password</i> link provided on the login page.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>A new page will open, containing a textbox to enter the emailId or phone number
                    for password recovery.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter the email Id or the phone number and click on the button "Reset
                    Password".</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>An email containing the link to reset password, will be sent in the email
                    provided, if it is the same email that was given at the time of account
                    creation. Otherwise, an error message that the associated email is incorrect
                    will appear </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>If a phone number was provided at the time of account creation for resetting
                    the password. Then a link will be directly sent as a message on the phone
                    number. The password can be reset by clicking on the link.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result id="result_gtw_yjw_11c">The users should be able to reset their password,
            successfully upon clicking the link received in their email or phone number.</result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
